hello girls I am in this video I am going to
give a trick for when you make a
hairline on a fingernail can fix it put
a kind of patch so that the
nail so we do not have to cut it at
monkfish if we have the other long
so we can continue with this lady
long or the one that has been broken so I
I'm going to show here that I have a hairline
I made it by cutting vegetables in the
kitchen with a knife
This is a what grows if you do not see me
protejo will split and I will have it
cut
then to keep it long
they sell some patches but for the function
they are therefore a bit expensive and the
truth is that being able to have something in
house to put it on so everyone
we have then it's not worth it
buy them what we have to use to
for the arrangements is a tea bag or
of infusion or what we have for
cup is worth with paper what we have
what to do is open the bag and stretch
well the paper would be a little thing like that
ok this is already a bit used then
with the nail cut a piece that is left
irregular so that afterwards the
borders
It would be a little thing like that
and then with a transparent glaze
a fortifying base anything and
any glaze so I have no color
that we have at home we put a
little in the area
and with tweezers or with the same hand
we take the piece that we have cut and
we put it on top
over the broken
with this what we get is that
make a protective layer above
then the nail just left us with
a stick
now we crush it well so that it
is well attached to the nail and what about
if the cut is well to the tip
then we have to leave a piece
on the outside in what about putting it back
this way with the stick
that ends on both sides if it is
quite large the cut well the ideal
is to put several layers later if you notice
So much polish a little bit with the cue
polisher
then well is the
cut
that way the cut would be well covered
this way we can get that nail
keep growing without breaking
well then I hope this trick
I have served you and see you in the
next advice thank you very much